Subject: PyCon 2013: Proposal decision - {title}

Dear {speaker},

Thank you very much for your PyCon 2013 talk proposal, "{title}".
Unfortunately, your talk was not one of the ones selected to appear at
PyCon 2013.

As you may know, we once again had record-breaking levels of talk
submissions -- over 450 proposals were submitted. Both the quantity
and the quality of proposals were breathtaking. Sadly, we have just
over 100 spots on the schedule, so many excellent talks couldn't be
accommodated.

I know you spent a lot of time working on your proposal, and receiving
a form letter rejection stings. If you'd like specific feedback on why
your talk was rejected, please contact me (jacob@jacobian.org). I'll
be happy to look through the committee's notes and give you a summary.

I do hope you'll choose to come to PyCon regardless. It's an amazing
conference, and we do have several venues in which you could still
deliver your material: lightning talks (quick, five-minute talks on
any topic) and open spaces (dedicated rooms for informal, unscheduled
proposals and discussions). See https://us.pycon.org/2013/about/what-
is-pycon/ for more information.

If you plan to come, you should register at
https://us.pycon.org/2013/registration/ as soon as possible; early-
bird registration is limited to 1,000 tickets, and I understand we're
close to selling those out.

If you need assistance with visas or immigration documents, please
contact Rami Chowdhury (rami.chowdhury@gmail.com).

If you have any other questions, comments, or feedback, please feel
free to contact me (jacob@jacobian.org), my co-chair, Luke Sneeringer
(luke@sneeringer.com), or the conference chair, Jesse Noller
(jnoller@python.org).

On behalf of the PyCon staff, I want to thank you again for your
submission. You made our job picking talks very hard, and the
conference will be better for it.

I hope to see you in Santa Clara!

Jacob Kaplan-Moss
Program Chair, PyCon 2013
jacob@jacobian.org
